Drop docs (#155)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/dashboard/drop.mdx

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
Liteflow Infrastructure **does not enforce any check on the blockchain** during the execution of the transaction.

It is the responsibility of the collection as contract developer to enforce any checks you seem
necessary.

</Callout>

### Minted function

This function must return the number of tokens minted by this drop.

> The function must be a `view`, have no `inputs`, and must return a unique output of type [`integer`](#integer-type).

Author: ```suggestion
The function must be a `view`, have no `inputs`, and must return a unique output of type `int` or `uint`.
```

</Callout>

### Minted by wallet function

This function must return the number of tokens minted by a specific wallet during this drop.

> The function must be a `view`, have one `input` type `address`, and must return a unique output of type [`integer`](#integer-type).

Author: ```suggestion
The function must be a `view`, have one `input` type `address`, and must return a unique output of type `int` or `uint`.
```
